ACCESS SPECIFIERS at class level (only PUBLIC, default, final and abstract)


nothing like protected and private.. which can be applied to method

1. public Class with public Construcor  (objects can be created at both with in package and outside package).
2. public Class with protected Construcor (Objects can not be created at diff package.. only child class can access this  can happen)




3. Public class with default constructor (here outside package.. no object of this class and even can not create child of this.. as child construcor will not be 
able to call this class constructor..) so only..within package ..this class can be accessed.

4. public class with private construcor .. no class can create object of this class..because will not be able to call its construtor from anywhere outside class.


so how to create object of this class...so here we create a public or protected method of this classs.. with in which we create object of the same class...

its called static factory patterd.. where a static method of a class is used to create or simply call private constructor of a class.
Singleton can also belong to this category.





A class can only be Public or default
//public class means can be accessed .. either by extending or by creating object(calling constructor) OUTSIDE THE class PACKAGE as well.
//default class means .. can be accessed with in the same package..


//public constructor means . class object can be made outside class package.
//protected construcor means.. class object can NOT be made outside class package.. but when this class get extended by outside package class..
then also this constructor will be called by super()..

so protected constructor means.. we dont want to create object of a class but by extending this protected constructor public class.
we just want child class objects to be called where the child class constructor should be able to call parent class constructor of other package. 



PLease note 


1......

//for creating object of a class in diff package  -- THEN Other PACKAGE class is made public as well as constructor should also be made public ...
Its must .. if we want to make use of a class in another package then the constructor and class both should be public..

because if class is public we can create references of that class and only when constructor is public then we can created object of that class.




2........

//for extending a class  object of a class in diff package  -- THEN Other PACKAGE class is made public 
while construcor should be protected..when we dont want to allow the object of this class to be created in new class.

as the class will be extended but the object can not be created as the constructor is protected..
which means we can onlu created child objects which while creation call the super class constructor of diff package....

so simply protected construcor..is for INHERITANCE.. when child objects wil be created..









